Listen, give me some oral lessons,
You can go to the airport without leaving the phone and buy me boiled water.
If you have some money, I'm sure you'll have one.
Remember the oral lesson, I'll go,
As for me, I walk around dressed as a senior official,
It hurts so much, and I want to have sex with that calendar,
It’s just that you can’t separate dishes at the airport, so screw you.
Then, come to me to buy it and wait for me here.
Fast forward, can't stop,
Why are you here to see me? Why aren't you waiting for me at home?
No, no trouble, this is not something I thought would be true.
I'm going to clear things up, Xiao Ding.
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little